tremendous results in building muscle
mass. And the way we measure that is
strength. That is the fastest path to
exactly what you want. [music]
Hi, my name is John Jish. I'm a doctor
of biomedical engineering. gives me a
unique perspective on a lot of things
that's a little bit different from what
you hear from most of the people on
YouTube. Today, I want to go over what
some people have seen with using
variable resistance, their results. So,
I'm going to go through a number of
results that have started on the X3
forum. So, we have a like a users group.
It's called the X3 bar users group on
Facebook. There's 39,000 members of that
as of today. and I'm going to that's
where people first start posting their
results and then usually the company
reaches out and say, "Hey, can we get
your permission to use the results on
the website?" So, I want everybody to
see a few of these. I I'm not going to
go over them all cuz I think there's
like 60, but uh I'd like everybody to
take a look at Todd Stratton. Uh check
him out. So, in 6 months, I gained 20
pounds of muscle, lost body fat at the
same time, which was unexpected.
Unexpected. X3 is fantastic. So you can
see here Todd gained muscle cuz some of
these before and afters, yeah, there's
some muscle that was gained, but also
potentially at the same time, you can
see a lot of body fat being lost. And
then some of the people complain, oh
well this guy just lost a bunch of body
fat. Well, Todd had a six-pack to start
and he has an even better six-pack now.
So he's he's not one of those. Terrell
Rainey, another guy who says, "X3 put 20
lbs of muscle on me in 24 weeks. I am on
the road for work all the time. He's a
he's a lineman." So, he does uh like
maintenance on um all kinds of telephone
lines, power lines. I'm not actually
sure which, but I remember him telling
me that that it's a hard job and a lot
of hard labor and there's not a lot of
time when you're on the road to go and
find a gym. So he's a perfect example of
a busy professional that X3 has enabled
him to just always have his heavy
workout and
with him and he never misses anything.
He says, "I put on 20 lbs of muscle in
24 weeks. I'm on the road for work and
using my X3. I have no compromise.
Better results than with weights and I
can do my workout anywhere." Also saving
a ton of time by doing the same. And you
can see from the before and after
pictures, he gained a lot of muscle. If
you look at Dan Wild here,
who has
Dan is probably a story where you can
see some muscle was gained, but he also
dropped a ton of body fat. So, like I I
don't want people to be confused with
the before and after pictures and think
like like all these people just gained
like incredible amounts of muscle and
like we're not acknowledging the fact
that you can look better a lot faster by
dropping body fat. And that also doesn't
mean that somebody gained muscle because
some of these there's a little bit of
that going on. I just want to be honest.
So, if you go scrolling through, it's
like, wait a minute, this person just
lost weight. And there's a little bit of
that. And you know, Dan
lost a ton of body fat here, but he also
gained some muscle and he's he's
shredded. He and he and I worked out
together. Uh I I just went with him to
another X3 users bodybuilding show, a
natural bodybuilding show in LA. Uh and
and we got the chance to train together
and man, he's shredded. Scott Blaz. Now,
this guy is, I think, more the story of
body fat loss, but of course, I'm
helping people with both. So, it's it's
important to point that out. It's not
like uh you build muscle with Jake Wish
Biomedical and if you want to lose body
fat, you go find someone. We're not like
that. We're we're trying to give
everybody the best set of information to
get the best results. And that's both of
those things. You need to be as lean as
possible, as strong as possible, which
makes you as muscular as possible. I
encourage
Well, I'll talk a little bit about my
own before and after. You can you can
see in the four pictures that uh hey,
where I started was where I started. Uh
nobody would have imagined I would ever
be able to put my physique online and
have anybody listen to what I do because
I look just like a regular dude. Uh
nothing interesting at all. and
obviously progressed from there once I
discovered variable resistance.
Tremendous results in building muscle
mass and the way we measure that is
strength. That is the fastest path to
exactly what you want. I don't care what
these volume guys say and they they keep
talking about it and I'm going to
continue down the path of I don't want
to ridicule the people promoting volume
because they're not wrong. I think
they're just inefficient.
So, uh, well, I think they're clearly
inefficient. And these people aren't my
enemies, and I'm friends with many
people who promote the high volume
approach. I mentioned Dr. Milo Wolf a
bunch of times. I think he's a great
guy. But, of course, lately, that
approach has come under scrutiny because
some of the people who have been
promoting that have not been honest
about a lot of things. And, uh, I'll get
into that in a few future videos. But
yeah, I'm I'm glad you guys got to check
out these before and afters and let me
know if you have any questions in the
comments. See you. If this video helped
you, I want you to subscribe and follow.
I'm going to put out videos on a regular
basis. I think they're going to help a
whole lot of people, especially if
you're one of those people that doesn't
just instantly grow from lifting regular
weights. We've got the answer for you.
[music]